hey guys is still
and today's you want to talk about and
something an angle and you come here
which means i can run minecraft and far
range of distance and everything and
played our games and everything so it
was pretty awesome and today i want to
show you this and it's not massively
spectacular but i thought it's quite
cool so i thought might as well just
upload it na and it is made out of lava
or glass and lava and yeah yeah and
thank you for 500 subscribers that's
awesome I didn't reveal anything I would
get this far so quickly it's between
just over six weeks I think and I've
already got 500 subscribers that's
really awesome and but yeah so I've got
anything oh great run right here so hey
hey I'm I starring you let's play hey
and oh a lot of people do requesting it
and I might as well I think so yeah so i
will be uploading as many babies as
possibly again by snuggling school which
is really annoying so I won't be
uploading mass of months but I should be
uploading as much as I possibly can but
yeah so thank for 5 500 subscribers and
it's awesome and I'll see you there